issue #779 #1150 partitionize bulkexport JavaBatch Job & fix CWWKY0041W warnings (#1116)
IBM/FHIR: docs/src/pages/guides/FHIRServerUsersGuide.md

|`fhirServer/bulkdata/validBaseUrls`|string|The list of supported urls which are approved for the fhir server to access|
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/validBaseUrlsDisabled`|boolean|Disables the URL checking feature|
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/maxInputPerRequest`|integer|The maximum inputs per bulk import|

> |`fhirServer/bulkdata/cosFileMaxResources`|int|Max FHIR resources per COS file, "-1" means no limit |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/cosFileMaxResources`|int|The maximum number of FHIR resources per COS file, "-1" means no limit |
```

Author: done

> |`fhirServer/bulkdata/cosFileMaxSize`|int|Max COS file size in bytes, "-1" means no limit |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/cosFileMaxSize`|int|The maximum COS file size in bytes, "-1" means no limit |
```

Author: done

|`fhirServer/audit/serviceProperties/geoCounty`|US|
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/isExportPublic`|true|
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/validBaseUrlsDisabled`|false|
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/cosFileMaxResources`|500000|

> |`fhirServer/bulkdata/cosFileMaxSize`|209715200|

Reviewer: What does this equate to? 2G?

Author: 200M

Reviewer: I think it should be added to the documentation (not necessarily in this row), that it equates to 200M

Author: let me add to the comment for this config. after -1.

Author: done

|`fhirServer/bulkdata/validBaseUrls`|Y|Y|
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/maxInputPerRequest`|Y|Y|
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/validBaseUrlsDisabled`|Y|Y|
|`fhirServer/bulkdata/cosFileMaxResources`|N|Y|

> |`fhirServer/bulkdata/cosFileMaxSize`|N|Y|

Reviewer: should this be server wide?

Author: this is server wide at present.

Reviewer: Right, is this something that should be configured by the tenant

Author: this is the same as isExportPublic config, they are all server wide at present. we have another issue to make them per tenant.

Author: issue #943
